So questions,
how do I know what is happening within,
under the hood of the English COI.
What is it doing?
So it will, for instance, tell you
if you're generating something that,
you've generated these files
are installing these tendencies.
So there is a verbose flag.
And, the reason why I love
doing these workshops,
Is because I get to try things on the fly.
So the question is, or
rather the request is,
could I give a quick overview for
best practices on file structure?
And so let me start with a little asterix,
a preemptive caveat
that there are a lot of
things where it's not black or white.
It's not cut and dry.
And so, I want to be careful or
at least if I put forth an opinion,
I want to at least indicate
that this is my opinion and
I have met individuals that they are so
absolutely militant and
religious about these ideas about,
this is how you code.
And they are one,
I just wonder why they programmed because
it doesn't seem they're having very
much fun which really defeats for
me the greatest joy
programming is that I enjoy it.
But that they're so
hung up on these little things,
I don't know, tabs versus spaces,
semi colon versus not.
That we missed the fact or
the I think the underlying drive, or
impetus of programming is that we program
to create things that people love.
And, we make decisions that accelerate our
ability to do that and to keep doing that.
And there are things
that fall within
the realm of purely
preferential like
stylistically.
This is what makes sense to me.
And in some cases, in my case,
I can't explain why.
So, with that said,
some of this is my opinion.
And so take it as such that,
I believe in functional
cohesion in the sense of when you
organize your file structure.
And I believe the angular style
guide says as much that organize,
at least within your
component layer by feature.
And so if I'm creating a courses
feature with my components
that I'm going to put that
in a courses folder, and
then if I have a Courses list
Component that's a child of that.
I'm going to put that as a child
into that particular subfolder.
The reason being is because functionally
these components logically belong
together.
But if I have something that needs to
be shared across multiple components,
then I promote that to
a slightly higher abstraction.
So something that needs to be shared
between two separate features.
That, let's say a courses service but, two
different features need to consume that,
a home component and a courses component.
That needs to be promoted to
a slightly higher abstraction or
a common abstraction, which is why I
would put that in a common folder.
From there,
I would then organize that by type.
So all of the code that's responsible for
communicating to the server
would go into a services folder.
And now the reason why I would put
an interface into a common folder,
is because I could assign that type or
consume something of
that type in multiple components
within the application.
So if I knew for
a fact that this course type for
instance is only ever going to
exist within these three templates,
I would consider putting it in there.
But because I know that I may want to
display courses on in the home component.
What I don't want to do or
I want to avoid is being or
forcing a subcomponent to have
knowledge about its siblings.
And so you never want to reach across and
have knowledge about any sibling
players within the application.
So for instance,
I don't want the home component to know
anything about the courses component.
As a result,
anything that is shared between them
I have to extract to a higher level.
And so you want to delineate things
in a way to where it has just
enough knowledge to do the thing
that is designed to do and
nothing else to have knowledge
of something that you shouldn't.
What that does is that creates a situation
where things are cobbled together,
which really, really will end poorly.
I think that if using things like
nested or hidden state nested logic and
breaking the single
responsibility principle to me,
this is the axis of evil and there's a
much larger conversation you'd have there.
But what these represent and
the majority of what I see in
code is a result of the simple violations
which is a product of coupling.
So I think if violating
the single responsibility
principle having hidden state and
nested logic In your code,
if that's the axis of evil,
coupling is the antichrist of code.
And so you wanna organize your code in
a file structure that eliminates or
reduces coupling while promoting
cohesion or logical grouping.
So, this is why I would put
interfaces in a common folder,
such as common models,
you could call it whatever you want.
I've seen a call core.
So some of the naming conventions
is not as important but
the asking yourself,
is it possible that this thing and
this thing right next to it
adjacent to it could use it?
If so, then promoted and
refactor that through promotion.
Now, we're in bonus time here
is that if I were building
a large scale,
like enterprise style application,
that I would actually use
norwall NX dev tools to do that.
Which allows me to have
multiple applications,
separate core functionality into
libraries or libs that I can then share.
And so it gives me a higher degree of I
think cohesion and in organization and
annex for Angular is it just essentially
sits on top of the Angular CLI.
The reason why I don't talk about
it in a Fundamentals course
is because my experience is
that that's just an extra layer
of complexity that is just
creates additional confusion.
So I recommend checking out NX.
That is kind of the rule of thumb
is that organized by features,
if something is common or
shared across features, promote it,
and then I typically
will organize by type.
So the question is should services hold
the majority of application level state?
I'm a huge fan of NGO RX,
which is fundamentally services.
It's broken up into
a few different pieces.
So I think your application
state should live
outside of your component layer entirely.
So whether you use
a service with a subject or
I recommend using a proper
state management library.
I'm a big fan of NCR RX.
But if I'm doing react I'm using Redux
on there's Akita, there's a number
of different things is that ultimately
your state management, your Application
statement if it will end up in some
sort of a service that is consumed.
And then your command and query cycle is
then made available to your components.
So the answer is yes with it with
kind of an Asterix is that that is
determined by whatever state
management tool you happen to be using.
I recommend NGO Rx, but
the one thing I will say is
that make sure you delineate or
differentiate between presentation
state and application state.
Because I've seen people who
are aggressive about state management or
they'll put any form of state into
their state management library.
So for instance, use this button enabled
or disabled, or when I fill out this form,
it's immediately being processed
by the state management library.
I don't recommend that because
what you're doing is you're
inappropriately promoting presentation
state into application state.
Whereas, if I'm filling out a form
I only care about what's going into
that form when I submit the form.
Or I indicate hey,
I want to save this object.
So this is when I think this is maybe what
you were getting out with the question.
Most state i.e all application
state should be segmented
into a state management layer.
But, presentation state should be
encapsulated within the component itself.